README.md, before:

# Welcome to voty.ch

👉 https://voty.ch/

Would you like to contribute to to voty.ch? Check out the [installation instructions](/docs/installation.md)

[![voty](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://dashboard.cypress.io/badge/simple/19hfnd/master&style=flat)](https://dashboard.cypress.io/projects/19hfnd/runs)

## Let's bring democracy to schools!

Democracy is one of Switzerland's most valuable assets. But how can we motivate our youth to care about it? voty.ch tries to increase the understanding of democracy for children aged 12-18 years with 3 modules.

### Understand Democracy

How does democracy actually work in Switzerland and why is it so indispensible? We would like to motivate our youth to understand and discuss the building blocks of our political system using existing and newly created learning material.

### Test Democracy

Only adults may cast a vote. But young people have an opinion too! We would like to offer test votings to young people during national ballots. And we would like to discuss the results of what the youth thinks.

### Experience Democracy

Who decides at your school? Are students invited to propose initiatives and discuss them? We would like to experiment together, how we can bring democratical decision processes to schools in Switzerland.

## About voty.ch

voty.ch is developed as an open source project by «Teachen!» (https://teachen.ch/). Teachen is a not-for-profit association founded during the COVID-19 lockdown by a group of motivated parents, teachers and techies. The voty.ch project is suppored by the Swiss PrototypeFund.

## How to contribute

We are currently in an early stage of the project. If you know teachers (e.g. history), who have experience in teaching democracy at school, then please [get in touch](https://voty.ch/kontakt). If you want to help out with content, we are very much open to your contributions. If you want to dive into the code, have a look at [our installation instructions](/docs/installation.md) and at our [tech stack](/docs/stack.md).

Commit message:

Update Readme with link to demo-server

README.md, after:

# Welcome to voty.ch

[![voty](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://dashboard.cypress.io/badge/simple/19hfnd/master&style=flat)](https://dashboard.cypress.io/projects/19hfnd/runs)

### 👉 https://voty.ch/

Would you like to contribute to to voty.ch? Check out the [installation instructions](/docs/installation.md)

## Let's bring democracy to schools!

Democracy is one of Switzerland's most valuable assets. But how can we motivate our youth to care about it? voty.ch tries to increase the understanding of democracy for children aged 12-18 years with 3 modules.

### Understand Democracy (in development)

How does democracy actually work in Switzerland and why is it so indispensible? We would like to motivate our youth to understand and discuss the building blocks of our political system using existing and newly created learning material.

### Test Democracy (launched)

Only adults may cast a vote. But young people have an opinion too! We would like to offer test votings to young people during national ballots. And we would like to discuss the results of what the youth thinks.

### Experience Democracy (concept phase)

Who decides at your school? Are students invited to propose initiatives and discuss them? We would like to experiment together, how we can bring democratical decision processes to schools in Switzerland.

## Demo-Server

You can test out the current functionality without creating an account on our demo-server, here you can find the instructions: 👉 https://dev.voty.ch/demo

## About voty.ch

voty.ch is developed as an open source project by «Teachen!» (https://teachen.ch/). Teachen is a not-for-profit association founded during the COVID-19 lockdown by a group of motivated parents, teachers and techies. The voty.ch project is suppored by the Swiss PrototypeFund.

## How to contribute

We are currently in an early stage of the project. If you know teachers (e.g. history), who have experience in teaching democracy at school, then please [get in touch](https://voty.ch/kontakt). If you want to help out with content, we are very much open to your contributions. If you want to dive into the code, have a look at [our installation instructions](/docs/installation.md) and at our [tech stack](/docs/stack.md).
